# Chem-learning-Challenge
A multi-class classification technique for a given data set of air quality measurements. The target is to predict this class of CO level in the atmosphere based on all the attributes in the dataset.A multi-class classification technique for a given data set of air quality measurements. The target is to predict this class of CO level in the atmosphere based on all the attributes in the dataset.CO level is given as five broad categories Very High, High, Moderate, Low and Very Low.
The goal of this challenge is to create awareness about the applications of data analysis and machine learning in the chemical
engineering domain, especially air quality analysis for air pollution control applications among the student community and provide them a platform to showcase their ideas and innovations.
Air pollution is a persistent problem of the world, which has been around for a while and willcontinue to exist in the future. It is a cause of a lot of problems and has extremely adverse effects. For curbing air pollution, its analysis is first necessary. For making predictions about the air quality, domain knowledge is essential, as are data analysis skills. This problem statement tests them all.
This challenge made me explore applications of data analysis and machine learning in the chemical engineering domain. I created a multi-classification model which can be used to predict the level of CO in the atmosphere there by facilitating environment divisions to take accurate measure.
